Navigation new icons and color (#2581)
commercetools/ui-kit: .changeset/gold-guests-occur.md

---
'@commercetools-uikit/icons': patch
'@commercetools-uikit/design-system': patch
---

> Adding new color (primary-30) and icons for main navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding new color (primary-30) and icons for representing expand/collapse actions.
```
